{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\listtable 
{\list\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc1\leveljc2\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'01);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}\listid1 }}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sl360\slmult1\qc\expndtw-10\kerning28\f0\fs56\lang1033 Synopsis\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 I.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj\expndtw0\kerning0\fs24 Shadow wakes up late to receive his Pok\'e9mon from Professor Oak. As he arrives, he finds that all three of the starter Pok\'e9mon have already been taken by other Trainers. Professor Oak offers him a Riolu, along with the caveat that it has a problem. However, Shadow graciously accepts. The Riolu does not like Shadow at first, refusing to even enter its Pok\'e9ball, but the two of them begin their journey together.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow is sleeping in bed, and in a dream throws his Pok\'e9ball-shaped alarm clock, disabling it. Shadow\rquote s father then wakes him up late in the day, prompting Shadow to hurriedly run to Professor Oak\rquote s lab without even putting his regular attire on. Once he makes it there, he sees Oak outside giving water to an Oddish and Bellsprout. After saying hello, Oak recognizes him as being the fourth trainer of the day to receive a starter Pok\'e9mon. (Shadow is unbeknownst that the regular starter Pok\'e9mon are all unavailable.) Heading up the stairs to the central area, Shadow explains that he wants to pick a Squirtle, but Oak tells him that it was already taken. He counters with Bulbasaur; same response. No luck with Charmander. Shadow asks Oak what he could then do; would he start his journey without a Pok\'e9mon? The latter responds that he has one last Pok\'e9mon, but that it has a problem. Shadow counters that since he overslept so much, he has a problem as well. He notices a Riolu standing on the balcony above them and immediately declares it his new partner. He climbs up the stairs to greet his soon-to-be partner. The Riolu is hesitant to even say hello, however, and runs down the stairs. Shadow himself falls down the stairs, which prompts Riolu to laugh from behind Professor Oak. Oak introduces Riolu to Shadow, who then picks it up; Riolu responds by Force Palming Shadow and jumping out of his arms. Shadow is not deterred and Oak hands him Riolu\rquote s Pok\'e9ball, which has a small Aura sphere emblem on it. Ash\rquote s father then comes in, Shadow\rquote s clothes and gear in hand, and Shadow gets dressed in a jiffy. Shadow, full of energy, encourages Riolu to come with him, but it refuses. Shadow then attempts to put Riolu into its Pok\'e9ball, but it remains defiant, batting its Pok\'e9ball into Shadow\rquote s face. Oak then explains that Riolu hates getting into any sort of Pok\'e9ball. Shadow is determined to put it in its Pok\'e9ball, however, and the two of them rally it back and forth until Riolu slams it into Shadow\rquote s face again, prompting it to laugh. Shadow\rquote s dad chimes in, stating that if they\rquote re playing catch, they\rquote re good friends already, and Shadow agrees. He then picks up Riolu again, which makes it use another Force Palm that ends up hitting everyone. Shadow says goodbye to Professor Oak and his father and sets out with Pikachu, who is very reluctant to go with him. \par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 II.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow starts his journey off with a rough start, having to pull Riolu up a hill with a rope. Eventually, he gets fed up and unties it, asking it to walk with him, but it still doesn\rquote t like him. Shadow attempts to catch a Pidgey with a rock since Riolu refuses to help but instead hits a Spearow that aggresses Riolu. After fending it off, a swarm of a thousand Spearow begins attacking them, and Shadow carries a battered Riolu until he falls into a ditch. Prepared to take the full front of the storm for Riolu, Shadow stands up to face them, but just before they attack, Riolu jumps up and scatters them away with a blast of Aura. The two realize the relationship they have just formed, and just as the clouds clear Ho-Oh flies over them, dropping a Rainbow Wing that Shadow picks up. Shadow them vows to Riolu that one day they would meet that Pok\'e9mon.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow begins his journey with a rough start, dragging Riolu up a hill with the latter tied by a rope. The latter is apathetic as Shadow asks if it is going to be like this the entire way. He then asks it if it\rquote s because it doesn\rquote t like him, and it nods affirmatively. Shadow says that he likes it a lot and that he wants to become its friend. He does away with Riolu\rquote s rope and asks for a handshake, but it refuses; in response, he calls it a handful. Shadow then sees a Pidgey in the nearby grass and attempts to catch it straightaway, but it comes right back out after bobbing for a couple seconds. Shadow remembers that he must battle it first, and calls Riolu forth to battle, but the latter sits on a rock and does nothing, leaving Shadow to take matters into his own hands. He picks up a rock and aims for the Pidgey, but the Pidgey flies off and Shadow throws the rock after it. The rock hits a Spearow instead that thinks Riolu is the aggressor and begins attacking it. Riolu counters by using Force Palm and sending it away, but the Spearow goes into a large tree and a thousand more fly out, maddened. Shadow and Riolu attempt to run away but are not fast enough; the Spearow overtake them and pin Riolu down, repeatedly attacking it. Shadow fights his way to Riolu, telling the Spearow that he was the one they should be attacking, and picks a barely conscious Riolu up and starts running, the Spearow still chasing after them. As he keeps running he doesn\rquote t see an incoming cliff and falls into a river, still holding onto Riolu. He swims through the river, narrowly avoiding a Gyarados in the process. Clouds gather as he is in the river, very quickly covering the entire sky. Shadow resurfaces a while down the stream, still carrying Riolu and asking if it is alright, but the latter is still unresponsive. Just then, the Spearow swarm appears over the ridge, prompting Shadow to continue running through an open grass field. As he runs, he tells Riolu to hang in there, and a single raindrop falls on Riolu that resembles a tear before the rest of the storm breaks. The Spearow quickly catch up to Shadow and bat him around, causing him to lose his balance when jumping over a ledge and fall, dropping Riolu in the mud in the process. Shadow gets up and kneels over the battered Riolu, in disbelief that this was actually happening. He orders Riolu to get inside its Pok\'e9ball; even though it hated being in it, it would be safe in there. He doesn\rquote t wait for it to follow his order and gets up to face the enclosing flock. He then proceeds to shout, \ldblquote All right, you! I don\rquote t think you know who you\rquote re dealing with, but I\rquote m Shadow, from Pallet Town, and I\rquote m gonna be the world\rquote s greatest Pok\'e9mon Master! Mess with me and you\rquote re gonna lose!\rdblquote  He declares that he will catch all of them at once. As the Spearow flock starts bunching together, Shadow pleads with Riolu to get inside its Pok\'e9ball, while at the same time taunting the Spearow to hit him with their best shot. Lightning strikes as the Spearow converge on Shadow, but just before they hit, Riolu climbs up Shadow\rquote s back and releases a giant burst of Aura that sends all the Spearow flying away. Both Shadow and his partner fall down onto the ground as the clouds begin to clear, revealing a beautiful sunset. Shadow brings Riolu close to him, and the latter licks him as a sign of a beginning friendship. Shadow asks if Riolu will stay, and it nods. Suddenly, a Pok\'e9mon\rquote s cry is heard in the distance, and Shadow and Riolu get up to see a magnificent rainbow-colored bird (Ho-Oh, but Shadow doesn\rquote t know its name) flying through the sky. It flies above him before continuing towards a newly-formed rainbow and drops something that Shadow catches: a glowing Rainbow Wing. Shadow then promises Riolu that someday they would both meet that Pok\'e9mon.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 III.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj\i Time fast-forwards, a lot. Shadow now has two gym badges and is currently in the middle of getting his third from the Celadon Gym. \i0 After defeating Erika, Riolu evolves into a Lucario and Shadow receives his third badge. Shadow then catches a Caterpie in the wild, then goes to a Pok\'e9mon Center to heal his Pok\'e9mon and talk to his dad about his accomplishments. He gets word that Entei is near and hangs up to go search for it. He comes across Verity who also wants to battle it, as well as Sorrel. None of them phase it, and Entei walks away unharmed. Shadow and Verity blame each other for letting Entei escape and battle while Sorrel walks away, claiming that it will rain soon. The former two disturb an Onyx that chases them until Shadow manages to calm it down. It then starts raining, and Shadow and Verity start searching for shelter before coming across a Charmander that had been abandoned by Cross. Shadow takes Charmander, and he and Verity find a cave where Sorrel also happens to be. After treating Charmander, the three Trainers begin to talk about themselves until Entei walks into the cave with other wild Pok\'e9mon and rests on another platform. Sorrel brings up the myth about Ho-Oh and the legendary trio (Entei, Raikou, and Suicune), and when Shadow takes out the Rainbow Wing, everyone is amazed. The three then agree to travel to Mount Tensei, where Ho-Oh resides.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow orders Lucario to use Extreme Speed right away, deep into his third gym battle against Erika, the Grass-type Gym Leader. Erika\rquote s Tangela counters with Vine Whip, but Lucario dodges the incoming attack and slams square into it, sending it crashing into a rock that is part of the scenery. Tangela is fainted and so Shadow receives the Rainbow Badge. Afterward, he goes to a nearby Pok\'e9mon Center in the woods and telephones his father, who berates him for not keeping in touch. Lucario is occupied with messing with a Bulbasaur that walks in, but once it walks into view, Shadow\rquote s father greets it as well. Shadow quickly loses his enthusiasm and attempts to hang up, but his dad continues to speak, asking if he was eating correctly, doing laundry, etc. Suddenly a Trainer comes in with a battered Vaporeon; they had attempted to battle Entei, who was near. Shadow\rquote s interest wanders away until he realizes he is still on call. In a panic, he hangs up and runs over to the other Trainer along with others who had overheard. The Trainer explains that he was looking for it since it was Legendary (and thus extremely rare), but the two of them were beat in no time flat; after that, it ran back into the forest. Everyone else starts running into the forest in hopes of catching it; Shadow joins them. In the forest, Shadow begins calling out for it until he spots it standing on a rock. He shouts, \ldblquote There it is!\rdblquote , but another voice says it at the exact same time: A new Trainer (Verity), standing on a rock next to him! She gets a running head start as Shadow and Lucario start chasing after her. As she\rquote s running, Verity unleashes her Piplup. Shadow catches up to her and claims that he got here first, but Verity retorts with the same. Shadow runs up a rock while Verity continues on flat ground, making her the first to enter Entei\rquote s clearing. She has Piplup use Bubble Beam, which Entei dodges. It lands directly next to Shadow, who becomes paralyzed with fear for a moment before ordering Pikachu to use Thunderbolt. Entei dodges it as well, landing nearer to Verity (who falls down) before jumping a second time onto a mass of rocks. Shadow and Verity both run towards it, and it uses a massive Flamethrower targeted at both of them. Verity and her Piplup and Lucario all get out of the way but Shadow trips, catching his pants on fire. Entei jumps towards another Trainer (Sorrel) who has entered the clearing with a Lucario. He has his Pok\'e9mon use Aura Sphere, which doesn\rquote t do much despite being a direct hit. A second Flamethrower hits his Lucario directly and knocks it against a tree. Verity\rquote s Piplup uses Bubble Beam again, causing Entei to jump high in the air and land with a shockwave that knocks both Verity and Shadow down. Entei then bounds away. Verity accuses Shadow letting it escape. Shadow claims he could have caught it if she hadn\rquote t been in the way. Verity says \i Shadow \i0 was in the way, and Shadow says she was. Verity asks if Shadow would like to challenge her, and the latter accepts, formally introducing his name and hometown. Verity does the same, then turns to Sorrel (who is helping his Lucario up) and declares that he\rquote s next once she polishes off Shadow. Shadow says he wants to battle as well before realizing what Verity just said. Sorrel introduces himself while putting Lucario back into its Pok\'e9ball, saying that he\rquote ll pass on the battles. Despite the two\rquote s protests, he adds that it\rquote s going to rain soon while he walks away. Shadow is confounded that it\rquote s going to rain, while Verity taunts him to call his mommy. Shadow flares up and gets the battle underway, Verity doing the same. Shadow gives Verity the first move, but Verity tells him to not be a gentleman as he may regret it. She then starts off the battle by having her Piplup use Drill Peck; Lucario uses Bone Rush and the two bounce off of each other. Lucario uses Extreme Speed and slams into Piplup. Piplup responds with a Hydro Pump that Lucario dodges. The water instead hits a mass of rocks at the end of the clearing, but after a few seconds the rocks stand up; it\rquote s an Onyx! Shadow jumps for Piplup and picks it up, then hands it to Verity before they all run away from the rampaging Pok\'e9mon. They keep running until they reach the edge of the forest and slide down a rock wall into a ravine where Onyx continues chasing them. While running Verity spots a rock that they climb onto; their actions lead Onyx to burst right through, Shadow and Verity landing on its back. Onyx begins slamming against the walls and bursting through other rocks, prompting Shadow to ask it to stop before it hurts itself. Verity tells him yelling will only make it worse, so Shadow resolves to jump in front of the Onyx and apologize. However, Onyx doesn\rquote t stop despite Shadow\rquote s yelling. Verity has her Piplup use Whirlpool just before Onyx crashes into Shadow, which makes it stop so Shadow can apologize. Onyx then bores into one of the ravine walls, Verity, Piplup, and Lucario running down its back onto solid ground. Verity shouts into the giant hole Onyx made that she\rquote s sorry. Shadow praises Piplup for saving the day with Whirlpool, while Verity thanks him for stopping Onyx\rquote s rampage. She then comments that he does dumb things, but she\rquote s impressed. Just then, it begins to rain, just like Sorrel had forecast. While running through the forest for shelter, the group encounters a Charmander morosely sitting on a rock. Verity and Shadow ask if it\rquote s alright and what it was doing in the rain before Charmander gets excited and runs towards a Trainer walking toward them with a Lycranroc: Cross. Charmander hugs Cross\rquote  leg before the latter kicks it away. Cross tells it to go away while Shadow picks Charmander up and Verity asks if he is Charmander\rquote s trainer. Cross apathetically says that he \i was\i0 , and that he ditched it for being too weak; there were Charmander like that all over the place. It had kept following him, so he told it to wait in the rain. Shadow says that that\rquote s an awful thing to say and Verity berates Cross for being an irresponsible Trainer; some Pok\'e9mon would actually wait forever. Cross asks what the problem is, which drives Shadow to physically confront him. Cross knocks him back, his Lycanroc then headbutting him away. Cross then proceeds to state that only a Pok\'e9mon\rquote s strength matters and that if it\rquote s going to survive, it had better grow stronger. Verity fires back that it should be a Trainer\rquote s job to help their Pok\'e9mon grow strong. Cross disagrees, asking what they get out of it anyway. Shadow replies that you get to become friends, but Cross calls him soft; the only thing friendship does is make a Pok\'e9mon weak according to him. Cross then introduces his name, stating that he is going to become the greatest Trainer ever before walking away. Charmander begins wailing and attempts to run after him, but it collapses; Verity notes that its flame is getting weaker. If Charmander\rquote s flame were to go out\'85 Shadow picks up Charmander and covers it with his jacket to keep it from getting any weaker while the group begins looking for shelter frantically. Lightning begins striking down as they discover a cave with a triangle-shaped opening. Once they make it inside, however, they find Sorrel and his Lucario already there with a fire. Sorrel runs over to them and immediately rebukes Shadow, believing that he had left Charmander in the rain. Verity interjects, telling him it wasn\rquote t Shadow\rquote s fault and that its Trainer (Cross) had abandoned it. They all head up to the ledge where the fire is and Sorrel puts Charmander on a blanket next to the fire. Sorrel begins making a remedy for Charmander. After feeding it some, he tells no one in particular that it shouldn\rquote t get cold; Shadow vouches to warm it up by holding it. As the storm rages, the group gets settled into different walls of the ledge. Charmander wakes up after a while, which prompts Shadow to ask how it is feeling. It responds positively but drowsily, and it drifts back to sleep as soon as it awoke. Sorrel walks over and says that it is looking a lot better, and Shadow thanks him for helping it. Verity likens him to Nurse Joy, and Sorrel explains that he wants to be a Pok\'e9mon professor and he needs medical training for it. Right now, he is studying Legendary Pok\'e9mon. Verity comments that it was good, then, that he ran into Entei. Sorrel replies affirmatively and then asks Verity what she was doing; she was a long way from home. Verity dodges the question, citing that it\rquote s a long story, and asks Shadow why he\rquote s here. Shadow says that he wants to be the world\rquote s greatest Pok\'e9mon Master. Verity asks if he means the world\rquote s best Trainer, but Shadow corrects her; he wants to be much more than that. A draft blows in, making everyone cold. Verity vocalizes it. Shadow sneezes and shivers, prompting Lucario to sit down next to him to warm it up (it had been playing with Piplup before). Piplup also jumps into Verity to keep her warm. Sorrel puts his Lucario into its Pok\'e9ball as a precaution, and Verity does the same with Piplup. Shadow explains that he would like to do that, but that Lucario hated being in its Pok\'e9ball. Sorrel\rquote s Lucario and Piplup both pop out of their Pok\'e9balls together, inspired by Shadow\rquote s Lucario. Despite their Trainers\rquote  warnings that they\rquote ll catch cold, they remain outside. As the storm progresses, Entei suddenly appears, along with a few small wild Pok\'e9mon. Silence develops (except for lightning) as Entei goes to the top of a ledge opposite the group\rquote s, where the wild Pok\'e9mon crowd around it and go to sleep. Sorrel comments that by seeing the fearful forces of nature, people and Pok\'e9mon are the same. He begins explaining to the rest of the group about the legend of Ho-Oh: About 150 years ago, there was a Bell Tower where people could make contact with Ho-Oh. However, lightning struct the tower, engulfing it in flames. A great rain came down and the flames were extinguished, but three nameless Pok\'e9mon perished in the fire. Ho-Oh then descended and gave life to them again. They represented the lightning that struck, the flames that engulfed, and the water that extinguished the tower: Raikou, Entei, and Suicune. Sorrel shows pictures of the three Legendary Pok\'e9mon as well as Ho-Oh, and when Shadow sees the latter he recognizes it and runs to his jacket (which is drying) to show them the Rainbow Wing. Sorrel is in disbelief that Shadow got the Rainbow Wing, let alone saw Ho-Oh, while Verity is clueless as to what it is. In the background, Entei overhears and opens its eyes for a few seconds to listen. Sorrel explains that few people have even seen Ho-Oh and that on rare occasions it will gift the Rainbow Wing to a Trainer it particularly likes. Shadow takes it to mean Ho-Oh really likes him, and upon Verity asking why it would give Shadow the Rainbow Wing, Sorrel tells them about a legend that tells about the existence of a Rainbow Hero who is guided by the Rainbow Wing to seek out Ho-Oh. Shadow doesn\rquote t fully understand all of it but thinks that it is really cool, prompting Verity to comment that he\rquote s impressed with himself. Later, when they are all sleeping, Marshadow gets close to Shadow, perturbing him in his dream, before fading away.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 IV.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow convinces Charmander to travel along with him. The entire party sets off towards Mount Tensei, but not before going for a swim. Caterpie evolves into Metapod during a battle, and that same night, Verity sees Suicune and shares the experience with the group while they continue walking towards a town. Once they make it to town, Shadow begins battling other Trainers and Charmander evolves into Charmeleon. Sorrel researches more about Ho-Oh the following day and uncovers information about its past. Afterward, Shadow goes back to battling until Cross challenges him with an Incineroar. Shadow uses Charmeleon, believing that he could win through the sheer faith that Cross\rquote  training strategy is incorrect. However, Charmeleon is savagely beaten, and Shadow is unable to believe the loss, openly admitting afterward that had he used Lucario he would have won. He runs away into the forest and Sorrel and Verity cannot catch up, and when Lucario disagrees with him as well it stops following. Shadow sits down on a tree, questioning if he is the Rainbow Hero before Marshadow puts him in a trance-like state. Beside him, the Rainbow Wing loses its color.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow and Lucario wake up at the same time, Lucario voicing its gratefulness that the storm had subsided and the sun was peering into the cave. Verity is the next to wake up, asking Piplup if it had slept well, but Sorrel appears to have been awake for a while. As Lucario walks around, it notices that Entei and the wild Pok\'e9mon are gone. Charmander then rises from slumber and Shadow asks if it is feeling better. He takes it out of the cloth he had been keeping it in and it is able to stand, its tail flame much brighter. Sorrel examines its tail flame and gives Charmander the all-clear when he sees it. Shadow congratulates it on its recovery and then asks if Charmander would like to join them. He explains that he wants to become good friends with it. Charmander reflects on its brief life with Cross, and after Shadow says \ldblquote please\rdblquote , it accepts. Shadow takes out a Pok\'e9ball and gently taps it on Charmander\rquote s forehead, officializing it joining him. Shadow immediately shouts in the air that he caught a Charmander, and Verity congratulates him and Lucario. The trio leave the cave to find a plateau awaiting them that overlooked the forest and faraway mountains. They all gaze in awe at a huge rainbow in the sky. Sorrel tells them that it\rquote s said that Ho-Oh lives at the end of a rainbow. Suddenly, Shadow\rquote s jacket pocket starts glowing. He takes out the Rainbow Wing and finds that it is emanating vibrant colors. He angles it at the left end of the rainbow in front of him and it produces a blinding light. Sorrel says that the legend says the Rainbow Wing will guide Shadow. Shadow asks what is in the direction of the Rainbow Wing, and Sorrel replies the Raizen Mountain Range. Shadow blurts out that he is going to meet Ho-Oh and have a Pok\'e9mon battle. Verity climbs on board, wanting to see Ho-Oh too, while Sorrel wants to determine whether the legend of the Rainbow Hero is true. Shadow is overcome with excitement and runs in front to turn to his friends, telling them that they have to get moving and find Ho-Oh. After descending the mountain and finding a nearby spring to temporarily relax at, Shadow confronts a Pinsir walking along and uses Caterpie to battle it. It uses String Shot to ensnare the Pinsir, who was charging Caterpie with its pincers glowing, and throws it through the air and onto the ground. Shadow cheers it on but suddenly it glows blue; it\rquote s evolving! When it finishes turning into a Metapod, Shadow runs over and catches it. Verity informs him that Pinsir is getting away, but Shadow dismisses it; Caterpie evolving is what counts. Later that night, when everyone is asleep, Verity gets out of her sleeping bag (without Piplup) and sits in front of the lake they were next to, looking on her phone. Her leaving wakes Shadow up momentarily before he drifts back to sleep. (Since the story's perspective is Shadow's, the reader does not experience Verity meeting Suicune.) The following morning, the three of them pack up and start heading straight for the town. On the way, as Lucario and Piplup run around playing, Verity tells her friends about the experience with Suicune, and Shadow wishes that he was there to see it. Sorrel comments that it was incredible luck to see Suicune so soon after seeing Entei. Verity wonders aloud if her mother would be proud of it; Shadow and Sorrel are caught off-guard by the topic. Verity explains that her mother is a famous Trainer back in the Sinnoh region. Gesticulating wildly to the group, she continues, saying that nothing she ever does is good enough for her and that the two of them haven't talked since she left. Sorrel reassures her, confidently saying that Verity's mother would be proud of her, and Shadow jumps aboard the train, leaving Verity to respond with a maybe.\par
{\listtext\f0 b)\tab}The group eventually reach the town, and Shadow wastes no time battling some of the other Trainers. He takes on a Jigglypuff with Charmander and wins. But as Charmander is running back to Shadow, it evolves into Charmeleon, and its friends congratulate it. The group spends the night at a Pok\'e9mon Center, and Sorrel and Verity get to meet Shadow's dad who hopes that his son isn't causing too much trouble for them. Sorrel leaves them to research more about the prophecy of the Rainbow Wing, and when Shadow and Verity meet up with them, he explains it in detail.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 V.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow wakes up late to the first day of school, and once he makes it he finds out he is the latest of the four people to be late. During class, he is distracted by blurs of things in his peripherals. Once class ends, he goes to the rooftop, where he confides to Verity and Sorrel that he wants to see what is \ldblquote out there\rdblquote ; he wants to go on a journey. He says that he will always have his buddy before realizing that his buddy no longer exists, and Verity and Sorrel disappear as he starts to cry. After seeing a vision of his partner, Shadow begins running toward it, running first through a plaza and then jumping across the ground as the world begins to crumble apart. After catching it mid-air, he remembers its name, Lucario, and then wakes up under the tree where he fell asleep. In front of him is Lucario looking concerned, and he hugs it, apologizing profusely and saying that it was all his fault. Besides him, the Rainbow Wing regains its color, and Verity and Sorrel begin to reprimand him. After doing so, Shadow gets up and together they move to elsewhere in the forest.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow is sleeping in bed, and in a dream throws his alarm clock, disabling it. He then wakes up and realizes just how late he is to the first day of school. He quickly gets dressed in a full panic, stopping for a second to appreciate the poster on his wall depicting three snazzy-looking cars, and heads outside of his room to tell his father about the ordeal. The former runs over to the school to avoid being late. Once Shadow makes it there, he sees Professor Oak, his teacher, outside giving water to bushes. After saying hello, Oak comments that out of the four students late, he was the latest. Shadow proceeds to his first class, where he attempts to focus on the current lesson: rainbows. However, he feels that something is missing in his day, and catches a glimpse of something blue below his desk. He looks over, but sees nothing; instead, his classmates Verity and Sorrel call him weird. Shadow also thinks he sees Ho-Oh in the skies, but upon closer inspection, it\rquote s just a plane. Once the class is over, Shadow walks up to the rooftop and stares outside of the chain link fence for a long time. Verity and Sorrel come up, Verity asking if Shadow ever got bored of the view. Shadow asks them what is beyond the school. Sorrel responds by saying there\rquote s forest, and then a town, and then more forest and another town; beyond that is the sea. Verity says that it\rquote s just more of the same after that. Shadow tells them that he wants to explore what\rquote s out there. Verity and Sorrel chime in; no school, staying up, absolute freedom\'85 Shadow says that he always has his buddy, but stops himself when he realizes that his \ldblquote buddy\rdblquote  no longer exists. He sees a vision of his partner on his shoulder and begins to cry. His friends tell him to pull himself together, but when Shadow looks back up, they\rquote re gone. Behind him, he sees that same figure, hazy but there. He begins to run towards it, and he suddenly finds himself running along a plaza. He says that they used to run like this all the time. The ground starts crumbling into chunks and falling into the void, and Shadow tries to catch up. He jumps and catches his partner, remembering its name, Lucario. Suddenly, the two are transported to the skies above a meadow and fall to the ground in terror. When Shadow hits the ground, he wakes up in the waking world, still underneath the tree. He immediately sees Lucario in front of him and hugs it, crying and saying that it was all his fault. Beside him, the Rainbow Wing regains its color. Verity asks Shadow if he had any idea how long they\rquote d been searching for him, and Sorrel lectures him, saying that you cannot expect to win every battle and that it\rquote s the losses that you grow strong from, but that\rquote s just his opinion. Shadow gets up, and the group goes elsewhere in the forest.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 VI.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj As the group makes a camp in the forest, Shadow tells about the dream he had. Verity is in disbelief at a world without Pok\'e9mon, but Sorrel explains it\rquote s not impossible for Pok\'e9mon to leave us. He describes one point in his childhood when his parents were away most of the time and so the family\rquote s Luxray took care of him. One day, he injured himself out in the snow, and Luxray found him and curled up next to him to keep him warm. When morning came, Luxray was frozen solid. A rescue team then found Sorrel, and while he was being dragged away he was screaming Luxray\rquote s name. Marshadow suddenly appears behind Shadow and is noticed. Lucario fires an Aura Sphere at the spot where Marshadow was, but it had already rescinded into Shadow\rquote s shadow; instead, Lucario hits a tree, triggering a group of Primape to come down. The Primape get in a circle and begin throwing the group in the air until Sorrel advises Shadow to use Metapod to calm them. Shadow gets off and has Metapod use String Shot to stop the Primape, at which point the group dismounts and runs away. Metapod evolves into a Butterfree and uses Sleep Powder to ensure the Primape do not follow them. After reaching a river, Verity calls upon her Lapras, and they use it to travel downstream.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj The group makes a fire in a circular clearing of trees; a thin fog has rolled in, and it is still nighttime. Shadow is explaining the dream that he had, the others listening in closely. Verity is in shock at the very concept of a world without Pok\'e9mon. Sorrel, on the other hand, has a different perspective: it is possible for Pok\'e9mon to leave us. He describes a time in his early childhood: His parents were away most of the time, so the family Luxray took care of Sorrel. One day, however, Sorrel hurt himself outside in a blizzard and quickly started freezing. Luxray bounded across and laid down with him in the center to keep him from doing so. In the morning, when the blizzard was gone, Luxray was frozen solid; it had died smiling. A rescue team found Sorrel with Luxray, and as they carried him away, he screamed his protector\rquote s name. Afterwards, Sorrel was reluctant to make friends with any Pok\'e9mon, until he found Lucario. Shadow and Verity are somber after hearing the tale and offer their condolences. Meanwhile, Marshadow slowly appears from Shadow\rquote s shadow, but this time they spot it. Lucario is instantly aggressive and fires an Aura Sphere at Marshadow\rquote s location, but it rescinds long before it would have hit. Instead, the Aura Sphere hits the tree and shakes it. A group of Primape come down from the branches and quickly gather the team in a circle, repeatedly launching them in the air. Sorrel advises Shadow to use Metapod, as fighting back would only make them madder. Shadow manages to dismount the circle of Primape and takes out Metapod; he holds it and has it use String Shot, running around the ring. The aggressors are ensnared, and everyone dismounts before they can attack again. While running, Metapod evolves into Butterfree. Shadow has it use Sleep Powder on the Primape, who had broken out of the String Shot, and they all fall asleep. The group then continues walking, no longer threatened. They quickly reach a stream, and Verity gets out her Lapras. They all board Lapras and begin sailing downstream.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 VII.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj After more traveling, the group reaches a cliff that shows a good view of the mountain before they hear a scream. Shadow spots a pink\emdash female\emdash Butterfree being attacked by a Spearow. Shadow uses his own Butterfree to save it, and the two Butterfree hug before the pink one parts ways. After coming to a hilltop close to Mount Tensei, the rainbow wing suddenly glows, and a beam of light goes directly to the mountain. Once it becomes evening, they see a bunch of Butterfree traveling across the sky; Sorrel explains that it\rquote s mating season. Shadow takes out his own Butterfree, and the pink Butterfree hovers down to meet it. Shadow is happy about their relationship, but Verity explains the caveat: If Butterfree went with its partner, it would mean goodbye to Shadow. The latter suddenly becomes distraught, and Sorrel tells him that it\rquote s his decision. Shadow decides to let the Butterfree go with its partner and tells it that if they don\rquote t go now they will be left behind. As the blue one flies over to be with the other, Shadow says that they are both really great and that they should take care of each other. As they wave goodbye, Shadow and his Butterfree start crying profusely. It continues until the sun has set and no Butterfree are visible. Shadow comments that he is glad that he met Butterfree and that even though they said goodbye, they are still good friends. Suddenly, thunder crashes down behind them. Raikou appears on a rock above them, and in another flash of lightning, it is gone as quickly as it appeared.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj The group is still going downstream on Lapras\rquote  back when day breaks, but they eventually disembark and continue walking. As they are going through a forest and are about to reach a cliff, however, they hear a Pok\'e9mon scream off to the left. After looking, they identify it as a pink Butterfree who is being hunted by a Fearow. Shadow immediately goes to protect it, unleashing his own Butterfree and having it chase the Fearow away with Gust. When the belligerent flees, the two Butterfree stop for a second, the pink one thanking the other. Sorrel points out that the pink one is pink, as opposed to blue, and Verity concludes that it must be female. The pink Butterfree flies off. Once they are at the edge of the cliff, the Rainbow Wing begins glowing. Shadow takes it out of his pocket, and it lights a visible beam all the way to a mountain that isn\rquote t too far away: Mount Tensei. They\rquote re in front of another cliff when Shadow spots a swarm of Butterfree flying together in the distance. Sorrel comments that it\rquote s mating season for the Butterfree right now. Shadow takes out his own Butterfree, and within a few seconds, the pink one from before flies down to greet them. Shadow encourages their relationship, saying that they are awesome together, but Verity warns that should the two Butterfree go off together, it would be goodbye. Shadow becomes distraught at the concept of saying goodbye, and Sorrel states that in the end, it is his decision. Butterfree itself flies down to Shadow, who asks it if it wants to go. Butterfree responds after hesitation by flying behind his back. Shadow says that it should go with the other Butterfree and that if they don\rquote t go now, they will be left behind (in the background, the Butterfree swarm has continued flying some distance). As his Butterfree goes to be with the pink one, Shadow praises them, saying that they are both really great Pok\'e9mon (with a slight pause between \ldblquote both\rdblquote  and \ldblquote really\rdblquote ). As they begin waving goodbye to each other, Shadow and Butterfree both start crying profusely. They continue until the swarm has left; long after the sun has set. Shadow says that he is glad to have met Butterfree and that even though it\rquote s not here, they are still good friends. Sorrel comments that though people raise Pok\'e9mon, Pok\'e9mon live their own lives. Suddenly, a bolt of lightning crashes down behind the group. Turning around, they witness Raikou, the third of the legendary trio, standing on top of a rock looking down at them. With another flash of lightning, Raikou is gone as soon as it appeared. Their resolve strengthened, the group pushes forward to reach Mount Tensei.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 VIII.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj The group has made it to Mount Tensei, where there is much fog. Around them are many Pok\'e9mon, appearing agitated. Bonji suddenly appears from on top of a rock and explains that it\rquote s because they want to meet Ho-Oh. Shadow shows him the Rainbow Wing, and Sorrel recognizes him as being the author of the library book. Bonji says that for the past 20 years he\rquote s been on a quest to find Ho-Oh and that all of the data he\rquote s gathered points to Mount Tensei being the next place that Ho-Oh will be. They all start walking towards the summit of the mountain, and once it\rquote s visible the Rainbow Wing beams another flash of light that lights up the area ahead. Shadow runs ahead, excited. \b /\b0  At the summit, more Pok\'e9mon are gathered around, and Rainbow Rock is at the other end of a circular battlefield. Shadow slowly walks over to it to put the Rainbow Wing in but is stopped by Cross\rquote  Incineroar. Cross appears from behind Rainbow Rock and demands Shadow give over the Rainbow Wing, as the Trainer to battle Ho-Oh should be the strongest and that he was that person. Sorrel and Verity disagree. Cross replies with \ldblquote might makes right, and that\rquote s it\rdblquote . The Rainbow Wing glows, and Marshadow appears and jumps to a ledge to \ldblquote observe the proceedings\rdblquote , according to Bonji.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj The group is at the base of Mount Tensei, walking along through thick fog. Many Pok\'e9mon are scattered about, looking agitated, and Verity comments about it. Bonji suddenly says that it\rquote s because they want to meet Ho-Oh and receive its power. Bonji gets down from the rock he was on and starts sniffing the air, catching a faint scent of Ho-Oh. Shadow pulls out the Rainbow Wing, and Bonji is amazed. Verity is surprised that he knows of it, and Sorrel recognizes him as being the author of the book in the library. Bonji says his name, explaining that for the past 20 years he\rquote s been on a quest, searching for Ho-Oh being a part of his research. He elaborates that he\rquote s pulled data from many places and that the data all shows Mount Tensei to be the place of Ho-Oh\rquote s next appearance. They agree to travel together to the summit, and Bonji comments that the Rainbow Wing\rquote s shine is the shine of youth and that it\rquote s almost too beautiful for him to look upon. As they are walking, Bonji says that it\rquote s probably thanks in large part to the Rainbow Wing that the group has come across Entei, Raikou, and Suicune. He goes on to say that Ho-Oh wants to know if there is a young person suitable enough to be the Rainbow Hero, which means that there may be someone guiding Shadow from the shadows. Shadow recalls seeing one, and Bonji says that it\rquote s most likely the extremely rare Pok\'e9mon Marshadow. Marshadow is a guide from the shadows, and that when the Rainbow Wing\rquote s color fades, it seals it back up and makes it right. The fog has been getting thinner as they\rquote ve been walking uphill, and suddenly the Rainbow Wing glows; when Shadow takes it out, it lights a direct beam of light to a crystal rock at the summit. Bonji prophesizes that when a Rainbow Flower blooms upon Rainbow Rock, Ho-Oh shall appear, and Shadow is overexcited, running ahead.\par
{\listtext\f0 b)\tab}When the group makes it to the summit, they find that more Pok\'e9mon are standing on ledges, waiting. There is a circular area fit for a battlefield, and in front of them is Rainbow Rock. Sorrel says that that\rquote s where Shadow should place the Rainbow Wing, and the latter runs over to plant it. However, Incineroar stops him, using Throat Chop in front of him to knock him back. Cross appears from behind the rock and demands the Rainbow Wing, saying that the Trainer who gets to battle Ho-Oh is the strongest and that he is said person. Sorrel defies that, saying that that\rquote s not how it works, and Verity chimes in, saying that the one to battle Ho-Oh is the one chosen by it. Cross calls them soft, using the jingle \ldblquote might makes right, and that\rquote s it\rdblquote . Answering Shadow\rquote s questions, he declares weak people trash, and people that lose worse than trash. The Rainbow Wing suddenly glows, and Marshadow appears from Shadow\rquote s shadow and jumps on top of a ledge. Shadow recognizes it as being Marshadow; Cross is satisfied to meet the guardian from the shadow; Sorrel says that it\rquote s the Pok\'e9mon they saw that night; and Verity declares it cute. Bonji says that its only purpose is to observe the proceedings. \par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 IX.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow and Cross begin battling, Shadow using Charmeleon and Cross using Incineroar. \i (See scene description for battle details) \i0 Charmeleon evolves to Charizard mid-battle and goes on to win against Cross. Cross gets on his knees and returns Incineroar as Shadow starts walking to Rainbow Rock unabated. As he walks past Cross, however, Cross says that he had seen Ho-Oh too, but it didn\rquote t give him the Rainbow Wing. He asks why it had to be Shadow, and says that if Ho-Oh doesn\rquote t consider him the strongest, he\rquote ll crush it. Shadow says that he wants to be stronger as well, but that he only got this far with the help of his friends, so it\rquote s not just about strength. When asked what he even battles for, he responds that it\rquote s because he wants to make friends. Cross wrestles the Rainbow Wing away from him and climbs up Rainbow Rock, the Rainbow Wing losing its color. After placing it, a dark beam shoots up from Rainbow Rock and clouds cover the sky. Rainbow Rock and the ground both turn purple. Marshadow appears again and tosses Cross aside. Bonji says that Marshadow seals it up and makes it right.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow releases Charmeleon from its Pok\'e9ball to battle Cross\rquote  Incineroar. The latter immediately starts with Flamethrower, which Charmeleon dodges. Charmeleon retaliates with Slash, which lands a direct hit. Incineroar uses Throat Chop, and Charmeleon hops around unharmed. Charmeleon uses Slash yet again, and the two are locked in a power contest. Incineroar then uses Flamethrower, and Charmeleon is caught directly, blocking the flames. While in the Flamethrower, however, it evolves into Charizard. Cross doesn\rquote t care, saying that weak Pok\'e9mon who evolve are still weak. He continues with Throat Chop, and Charizard uses Slash; they end up hitting each other. Incineroar uses Flamethrower, and Charizard flies around to dodge it. Charizard uses Dragon Rage, and it\rquote s a direct hit. Shadow commands Charizard to build up its power to end it with a big attack. Incineroar continues the onslaught with Fire Fang, and Charizard dodges. While it's in the air, Incineroar jumps and grabs it to bring it down. Before it hits the ground, Charizard uses Seismic Toss and flings Incineroar across the stage. Cross aims to end the fight with Flamethrower; Charizard does the same. It\rquote s a fire contest, but Charizard\rquote s flame powers into a fully-fledged fireball and Incineroar loses, unable to battle. Cross gets on his knees and returns Incineroar. Shadow takes out the Rainbow Wing and walks over to the Rainbow Walk, but after he walks by Cross, the latter says that he saw Ho-Oh too. Cross continues, saying that it didn\rquote t give him the Rainbow Wing even after he\rquote s done everything to become the strongest. He asks why it had to be Shadow, and that if Ho-Oh doesn\rquote t consider him the strongest, he\rquote ll crush it. Shadow intervenes, saying that he wants to get stronger as well, but explains that he only got this far with the help of his friends, so he knows that it\rquote s not just about strength. Cross asks him what he even battles for, and Shadow responds that it\rquote s because he wants to make friends. Cross doesn\rquote t reply, instead running at Shadow and wrestling the Rainbow Wing away from him. He climbs up to the top of Rainbow Rock, the Rainbow Wing losing its color as he holds it, and places it where it should be. A dark beam appears from Rainbow Rock and clouds flood the sky. The ground turns corrupt and purple as well. Bonji comments that the Rainbow Wing loses its color when touched by one with an evil heart. Marshadow appears from the shadows and grabs Cross, tossing him aside; Lycanroc catches him. Bonji nervously repeats that Marshadow seals it back up and makes it right.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 X.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj Cross has Lycanroc attack Marshadow, but Marshadow fires a dark beam at it, mind-controlling it. It attacks Cross, who runs away, and just before it hits him with a ball of energy Charizard saves him. Verity explains that Charizard never forgot that Cross was once its Trainer. Marshadow mind-controls all the other Pok\'e9mon in the vicinity except for the group\rquote s, and they flee in response to attacks from them. While doing so, Bonji expresses concern and urges Shadow to get the Rainbow Wing back. Sorrel and Verity cover Shadow as he traverses the battlefield, dodging Pok\'e9mon\rquote s attacks. Lycanroc tries to attack him, but Cross knocks it over and it bites him; in doing so it is snapped out of its trance. Lucario and Marshadow engage in a fierce battle for the Rainbow Wing \i (see scene description for battle details)\i0 . While doing so, the rest of the group including Cross, who had a change of heart and helped them, is forced to retreat due to a rock slide. Marshadow changes form to a more colorful appearance and it and Lucario are locked in a power contest; Marshadow wins, and the resulting force knocks everyone back.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj Cross vows to pound Marshadow as well as he recovers from being thrown. Lycanroc uses Crush Claw, but before it makes it Marshadow fires a beam of darkness towards it; Lycanroc\rquote s eyes turn purple, and it turns around, mind-controlled. It starts attacking Cross, who runs away from it. Just before a ball of energy hits Cross, Charizard flies in front of him, taking the blow. Verity asks if he sees it now that Charizard never forgot that he was once its trainer. Shadow comments that it\rquote s just like Charizard to be awesome. Meanwhile, Marshadow fires more dark beams of light all around, mind-controlling every Pok\'e9mon around except for the group\rquote s. An Electabuzz fires a Thunderbolt towards Cross and Charizard\emdash the two jump away in response\emdash and a Pidgeotto flies towards Bonji, Sorrel, and Shadow; Sorrel\rquote s Lucario knocks it away. Bonji says that it looks as if Marshadow wants to control the group as well and that Ho-Oh will never appear now that it\rquote s come to this. At Marshadow\rquote s command, a group of Pok\'e9mon fire attacks at the group, forcing them to retreat. Bonji says that Shadow has got to get the Rainbow Wing back; Marshadow is getting its power from it, and only Shadow can get it back. Sorrel and Verity help defend Shadow while the latter starts making his way to Marshadow. Charizard Flamethrowers a Graveller and Magmar; Piplup uses Hydro Pump against a Pidgeotto; Charizard body slams an Arbok; Shadow runs on top of a charging Ryhorn; Sorrel\rquote s Lucario uses Bone Rush to block a Graveller as well as the Ryhorn; and just before it fires a Stone Edge, Cross tackles Lycanroc, pinning it down. Lycanroc proceeds to bite Cross\rquote  arm; Cross remembers that it bit him the day they met as well. He commands Lycanroc to remember as well, and it snaps out of its trance. Shadow makes it to Marshadow and demands that it give him the Rainbow Wing; it responds by leaping down from the rock and firing dark balls of energy at Lucario. Lucario retaliates by dodging the first two and hitting the third one back with a Bone Rush; Marshadow deflects it. The two engage in close combat, Lucario still having a Bone Rush, but Marshadow lands a blow, and Lucario is knocked back. Behind the two, Sorrel\rquote s Lucario is hit, but before the opposing Pok\'e9mon can do more damage Cross steps in with Lycanroc and counters an incoming fireball. However, a Nidoqueen and Nidoking both use Rock Throw, attacking the party with boulders. The defenders run away to avoid getting crushed. An Arbok wraps around Charizard\rquote s neck, incapacitating it. Meanwhile, Lucario is hit again with one of Marshadow\rquote s attacks, but Shadow is anything but deterred; Lucario keeps fighting. Marshadow begins glowing, its previously grey hair and eyebrows becoming green and red, respectively, and unleashes a flurry of energy balls. Lucario attempts to dodge them but is hit by one and subsequently all the others. Shadow responds immediately by having Lucario use Aura Sphere mid-air; Marshadow jumps in a kicking position. It is a power standoff, but Marshadow wins, and Lucario is directly hit. An explosion occurs from the energy exertion, knocking both Shadow and the rest of the party back. \par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 XI.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow runs over to Lucario, who is lying on the ground, as Marshadow stumbles and reverts to its original form. The mind-controlled Pok\'e9mon advance further on Shadow and Lucario as the former picks up the latter and runs away from them, backing them into a precipice. When he tries to run to the left, he is hit by a Flamethrower. The rest of the group is suppressed by other Pok\'e9mon, leaving Shadow to fend for himself. Shadow had been knocked away from Lucario by the Flamethrower, and crawls over to it and asks it to get into its Pok\'e9ball where it\rquote d be protected. He leaves it and stands up to face the encroaching Pok\'e9mon, who are charging an attack. He taunts them with the same phrase he said against the Spearow swarm; as soon as he finishes, the Pok\'e9mon fire and Lucario jumps ahead to protect Shadow. Shadow stops it and buries it in his arms to protect it, and when the blast hits the two are knocked to the ground next to each other. Upon asking why Lucario wouldn\rquote t get into its Pok\'e9ball, it replies in English, \ldblquote It\rquote s because\'85It\rquote s because I always want\'85to be with you.\rdblquote  The mind-controlled Pok\'e9mon fire one more shot, and Shadow forces Lucario into its Pok\'e9ball and holds it tightly next to him. The explosion created is visible from many miles away, and the rest of the group gathers to watch. When the smoke clears, Lucario\rquote s Pok\'e9ball rolls away and Shadow\rquote s hat lands on top of it; when Lucario comes out of it, it\rquote s wearing the hat. In front of it is Shadow\rquote s body, energy flowing from it. The Rainbow Wing begins to disintegrate in Marshadow\rquote s hand. Lucario attempts to place Shadow\rquote s hat on his body, but once it does the body disappears into nothing; the Rainbow Wing vanishes as well. Lucario buries Shadow\rquote s hat in its face and cries out, unleashing a blast of Aura that engulfs everything on the mountain; it is so strong that the clouds fade and reveal a blue sky. The opposing Pok\'e9mon are no longer mind-controlled, and everybody looks at Lucario, crying into the hat. It shouts into the heavens one more time.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow immediately gets back up to see Lucario lying on the ground a few feet away and runs toward it; while he does so, Marshadow stops glowing and stumbles for a second. As Shadow crouches down, he sees that the mind-controlled Pok\'e9mon are advancing on him; he picks up Lucario and runs away from them until he reaches the edge of a ledge. Turning back, he sees his opponents all lines up, ready to strike. Shadow attempts to run away, but the Nidoqueen fires a Flamethrower at him and hits him directly. The others try to advance and defend him but are suppressed by other enslaved Pok\'e9mon; Shadow is all on his own. When the dust from the impact clears, Shadow is on the ground a few feet away from Lucario; the two begin crawling towards each other. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees the other Pok\'e9mon continuing to encroach, and takes Lucario\rquote s Pok\'e9ball and rolls it over to it, pleading for it to get inside. He says that he knows it can\rquote t stand being inside Pok\'e9balls, but it would be protected. The other Pok\'e9mon start charging an attack, and Shadow stands up to face them. He turns his cap around and says with perfect clarity, \ldblquote Now you look. I don\rquote t think you know who you\rquote re dealing with. I\rquote m Shadow, from Pallet Town, and I\rquote m gonna be the world\rquote s\'85greatest Pok\'e9mon Master! Mess with me, and you\rquote re gonna lose!\rdblquote  Immediately as he says the last word the Pok\'e9mon fire, and Lucario runs to protect him. Shadow sees this and stops it, instead burying it in his arms to protect it. He lets out a scream as the blast hits, and he is knocked to the ground, Lucario next to him. He asks why Lucario won\rquote t get in its Pok\'e9ball, and his partner replies in English, \ldblquote It\rquote s because\'85It\rquote s because I always want\'85to be with you.\rdblquote  The other Pok\'e9mon charge one final shot, and Shadow forces Lucario into its Pok\'e9ball. Holding the Pok\'e9ball tightly to his chest, Shadow is hit by the attack. An explosion ensues, so great that it is visible from several mountains away. The rest of the party including Cross gathers to watch, and Charizard flings the Arbok off its neck. When the smoke clears, Lucario\rquote s Pok\'e9ball rolls away, and Shadow\rquote s hat lands on top of it. When Lucario comes out of the Pok\'e9ball, the hat is on top of it. In front of it is Shadow\rquote s body, transparent with pure energy irradiating from it. The Rainbow Wing begins to disintegrate in Marshadow\rquote s hand. Lucario takes the hat and attempts to place it on Shadow\rquote s head, but as it puts it down the body fades away into nothingness; the Rainbow Wing completely disintegrates as well. When the last sparkles have disappeared, Lucario takes the hat and buries it in its face, crying out. A massive blast of Aura engulfs everything on top of the mountain; it is so strong that the clouds fade and reveal a blue sky. When the smoke disappears, the opposing Pok\'e9mon are no longer mind-controlled.  Everybody focuses on Lucario, who is crying into the hat. It lets out a shout that reaches into the heavens.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 XII.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow wakes up in a sort of limbo where he died, the entire world including himself greyscale. Behind him is Lucario, crying, and he takes a step in its direction. Immediately the landscape changes; it is filled with color again, Shadow excluded, and is now a grassland. Shadow keeps running, and the landscape keeps changing as particles form in the place where he died in the waking world. As he begins running through pure color, Lucario jumps through a portal in the middle of the particles, and when the two connect, Shadow\rquote s color returns and a dazzling light engulfs the entire area. When it disappears, Shadow is standing with Lucario, alive and well. Verity and Sorrel run up to him, amazed that he is alright, and Bonji credits Ho-Oh. In Shadow\rquote s hand, the Rainbow Wing reforms, full of color, and he places it in its place on Rainbow Rock. A rainbow-colored beam shoots out as the ground returns to a light blue color, and a rainbow forms, Rainbow Rock being one of its bases. Ho-Oh appears from the other base, and when it makes it to Mount Tensei it showers everyone in a healing aurora. Shadow challenges it to a battle that lasts until the night. (No winner is declared).\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj Shadow awakens where the final blast hit him, but one thing is severely different: the entire world, himself included, is grayscale. He gets up and asks where everybody is. He hears Lucario crying behind him and turns around. He takes a step in its direction, and suddenly the entire world changes: he is now standing in a color-filled grassy plain at sunset, though he himself is still greyscaled. In the waking world, particles begin to gather where Shadow\rquote s body was. Shadow hears Lucario again and starts running in its direction; the landscape changes again, the sky now being grey and the ground now being an endless grass plain. There are more particles where Shadow\rquote s body was, and they begin to move around more actively. As Shadow is running, he chuckles a little, commenting that they used to run like this all the time. The plain is suddenly filled with flowers as a small beam of light opens amid the particles. As Shadow continues running the sky changes to a blue color, and he starts running on top of water. The particles become more fantastic, and the beam enlarges to create a portal; Lucario drops the hat as it stares in amazement. Shadow is now running through a rainbow of colors as Lucario jumps into the portal; it appears in the sky in Shadow\rquote s reality as Shadow returns to running on water. Shadow jumps to meet Lucario and the two hug mid-air; once they connect Shadow\rquote s body becomes color again. The light in the waking world becomes dazzlingly bright, and when it fades, Shadow is alive, standing with Lucario. Verity and Sorrel run over to meet Shadow, and Sorrel comments that he\rquote s alright. Charizard also lets out a yell. Suddenly, particles begin gathering in Shadow\rquote s hand, and the Rainbow Wing reforms; the Rainbow Rock, as well as the floor, also return to a normal color. Bonji repeats that when a Rainbow Flower blooms on Rainbow Rock, Ho-Oh shall appear, and urges Shadow onward. Shadow climbs to the top of Rainbow Rock and deposits the feather; when he does so a brief flash of rainbow-colored light beams into the sky and a rainbow forms, Rainbow Rock being one of its bases. On the other end of the rainbow, Ho-Oh is flying towards them. Bonji continues speaking, now saying that the one who is guided by the Rainbow Wing may meet Ho-Oh and become the Rainbow Hero. Ho-Oh flies around in circles around the group, an aurora appearing that washes light onto them. Everyone\rquote s injuries, minus their clothing, are healed, and their power strengthened. Verity comments that it looks like everyone is healthy again, and Bonji chimes in, saying that it\rquote s the power of Ho-Oh. Meanwhile, Shadow nods to Lucario and yells out to Ho-Oh, \ldblquote Let\rquote s have a battle!\rdblquote  The legendary bird tips its head and takes flight, Shadow and Lucario running over to take their place on the battlefield. Lucario and Ho-Oh engage in heated battle, which continues until long in the night. (No winner is declared.)\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 XIII.\tab}\ls1\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj The group goes to a Pok\'e9mon Center nearby where Lucario is healed. Once it is, Cross parts ways with them outside, vowing to battle Shadow again and telling him not to lose to anyone until then. \b / \b0 At the top of a hill with a tree, where four paths meet, the group itself dissolves. Sorrel says that he\rquote ll be learning about the legendary bird trio, Verity plans to see her mother in Sinnoh, and Shadow, of course, continues striving to be a Pok\'e9mon Master. Sorrel hopes that they will meet again one day, and the three say in unison, \ldblquote Then we\rquote ll have a battle!\rdblquote  before walking their separate ways.\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 a)\tab}\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj The group arrives at the nearest Pok\'e9mon Center, and Shadow goes to heal Lucario. Nurse Joy asks who they battled this time, and Shadow responds truthfully. Nurse Joy unsuspectingly says that that\rquote s nice until she realizes what he just said; Shadow laughs in response. Outside the Pok\'e9mon Center, the group says goodbye to Cross, who vows to battle Shadow again. Cross tells him not to lose to anyone before then before walking off.\par
{\listtext\f0 b)\tab}At a four-way crossroads, the group dissolves itself. Sorrel says that he\rquote ll be going to learn about the legends of Articuno, Zapdos, and Moltres. Verity plans to go and see her mom again, and Shadow says that he\rquote ll go his own way, working to become a Pok\'e9mon Master. Sorrel hopes that they will meet again one day, and the three say in unison, \ldblquote Then we\rquote ll have a battle!\rdblquote  before walking their separate ways.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 